oxD5gs::Did you hear bird churping in the audio?
kHorc7::Did you hear gun firing in the audio?
jVoamg::Did you hear car horning in the audio?
RTdew9::Did you hear fan blowing in the audio?
stDzYm::Did you hear machine operating in the audio?
aUGdff::Did you hear motorcycle revving in the audio?
4SnqpV::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
Hnfhiq::Did you hear phone ringing in the audio?
8ju8Gc::Did you hear bird chirping in the audio?
Pyh1Ap::Did you hear sheep bleating in the audio?
OkraxO::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
urFKzY::Did you hear hammer hitting in the audio?
omnkL1::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
nR5bi7::Did you hear gun firing in the audio?
98C3rk::Did you hear metal colliding in the audio?
BXiLwi::Did you hear sheep bleating in the audio?
tgeUsh::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
kh5RXG::Did you hear fan blowing in the audio?
2P1kwX::Did you hear person tapping keyboard in the audio?
Z9sNUs::Did you hear phone ringing in the audio?
PDuOhj::Did you hear bell ringing in the audio?
Q3Haie::Did you hear sheep bleating in the audio?
rd8DHq::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
iMzpeu::Did you hear sheep bleating in the audio?
dkMpRS::Did you hear dog howling in the audio?
akQkYJ::Did you hear fan blowing in the audio?
0KcXjH::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
AUL5je::Did you hear alarm clock ticking in the audio?
eeO7tQ::Did you hear dog barking in the audio?
8uzUr9::Did you hear dog howling in the audio?
Bd9ZE2::Did you hear fan blowing in the audio?
64DYtl::Did you hear gun firing in the audio?
S0vTIk::Did you hear person speaking in the audio?
QTEsN4::Did you hear horses neighing in the audio?
6o5oOj::Did you hear motorcycle horning in the audio?
CQKE5V::Did you hear motorcycle revving in the audio?
SI29XW::Did you hear woman chuckling in the audio?
fjdHqp::Did you hear sheep bleating in the audio?
ZmThde::Did you hear dog barking in the audio?
88mcmx::Did you hear cat meowing in the audio?
g0D6rp::Did you hear dog barking in the audio?
TtER7L::Did you hear cat meowing in the audio?
SPDhXc::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
HnUxWQ::Did you hear alarm clock ticking in the audio?
ddfvwY::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
HUjC3m::Did you hear motorcycle revving in the audio?
tcftTG::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
4W2ziM::Did you hear sheep bleating in the audio?
ZWoBRg::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
yQ4S0U::Did you hear sheep bleating in the audio?
jPP4m2::Did you hear person talking in the audio?
NKgUWc::Did you hear alarm clock ticking in the audio?
iiRKQy::Did you hear sheep hooves clattering on wooden floor in the audio?
pzrJQa::Did you hear sheep bleating in the audio?
kE95Hy::Did you hear person meowing in the audio?
fcfQeJ::Did you hear cat meowing in the audio?
qXDaTo::Did you hear car approaching in the audio?
Ombnj4::Did you hear sheep bleating in the audio?
tfKa4R::Did you hear person screaming in the audio?
8xvIvk::Did you hear phone ringing in the audio?
ijkd1G::Did you hear person speaking into microphone in the audio?
YR3HuG::Did you hear horses neighing in the audio?
e3XhJK::Did you hear cat smacking in the audio?
wCDFZH::Did you hear cat meowing in the audio?
7kwRJg::Did you hear door opening in the audio?
svgjQK::Did you hear cow mooing in the audio?
vC03vo::Did you hear rain dropping in the audio?
SHPODP::Did you see clock in the video?
H3huJ0::Did you see person in the video?
d4jE4c::Did you see car in the video?
V0pvc1::Did you see bird in the video?
r1gN6h::Did you see person in the video?
0pW7xw::Did you see train in the video?
KFPNDE::Did you see person in the video?
BcHtQM::Did you see bird in the video?
cDYHVN::Did you see horse in the video?
U18BR2::Did you see bird in the video?
yj9ftj::Did you see tree in the video?
sHrOyO::Did you see person in the video?
qLKjBL::Did you see gun in the video?
IJC6hE::Did you see insect in the video?
3809lq::Did you see bird in the video?
wMxOi5::Did you see machine in the video?
mSqMuV::Did you see water in the video?
MfzmIL::Did you see bird in the video?
Tsy6bh::Did you see person in the video?
KX60Lv::Did you see key in the video?
FlbmAS::Did you see rain in the video?
h41EFC::Did you see thunder in the video?
DBj2XF::Did you see squirrel in the video?
rQnFUm::Did you see bird in the video?
CmofTR::Did you see person in the video?
qdlTo6::Did you see bird in the video?
LU4Qjl::Did you see rain in the video?
4O4cFp::Did you see car in the video?
gweQQE::Did you see car in the video?
nrohhT::Did you see thunder in the video?
fCmYja::Did you see dog in the video?
HFuuHD::Did you see bird in the video?
i3KzPO::Did you see truck in the video?
NV0iu7::Did you see thunder in the video?
JwOvQw::Did you see person in the video?
unhmgQ::Did you see bird in the video?
2xTF0W::Did you see toy in the video?
QhIDdD::Did you see person in the video?
c9eSjn::Did you see water in the video?
HXsAHk::Did you see bird in the video?
xP9Vl9::Did you see bird in the video?
XIaL7K::Did you see car in the video?
8VXDbj::Did you see rain in the video?
G5jAir::Did you see thunder in the video?
rOmW8D::Did you see horse in the video?
mHkp4Y::Did you see bird in the video?
rgRFH6::Did you see car in the video?
GQ6reQ::Did you see thunder in the video?
N3lP8O::Did you see dog in the video?
u222JM::Did you see car in the video?
inpvXV::Did you see bee in the video?
8dcjpv::Did you see person in the video?
4sv3eM::Did you see kid in the video?
CvdgDu::Did you see bird in the video?
eGuMUL::Did you see water in the video?
MOSp2U::Did you see bird in the video?
E0tyiH::Did you see spray bottle in the video?
c24tzK::Did you see motorcycle in the video?
MZZAZO::Did you see bird in the video?
3IgwpE::Did you see gun in the video?
BsjOp8::Did you see bee in the video?
f05Njq::Did you see machine in the video?
MDajjO::Did you see clock in the video?
pDzrCT::Did you see bird in the video?
KVIKa1::Did you see bee in the video?
wPQVPK::Did you see bird in the video?
3MagDF::Did you see rain in the video?
6Og68J::Did you see skin pattern of zebra is polka dots in the video?
njrhV8::Did you see skin pattern of zebra is stripes in the video?
gnwIgE::Did you see color of wheels on bicycle is green in the video?
88new1::Did you see number of wheels on bicycle is two in the video?
M7k4bY::Did you see transparency of glass is opaque in the video?
SJSgfm::Did you see transparency of glass is completely transparent in the video?
OXFyOV::Did you see color of hat is blue in the video?
nqKoAv::Did you see shape of mushroom is umbrella-like in the video?
b2QDa1::Did you see shape of wheels on bicycle is round in the video?
IsqxJs::Did you see number of wheels on bicycle is two in the video?
XPDbs9::Did you see number of containers is two in the video?
eaQtAq::Did you see color of milk is white in the video?
V9kaXm::Did you see color of butter is yellow in the video?
4K2M4O::Did you see state of butter is solid in the video?
igi9SA::Did you see color of car is white in the video?
NdLw38::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
6FMKaf::Did you see color of wheels on bicycle is purple in the video?
J3s0Hd::Did you see number of wheels on bicycle is two in the video?
v2sZnd::Did you see color of apron on person is blue in the video?
X1NY09::Did you see color of banana is yellow in the video?
i379os::Did you see color of towel is red in the video?
MFWdOR::Did you see texture of towel is soft in the video?
dbnifM::Did you see state of baby panda is upside down in the video?
xPIGsj::Did you see color of panda is black and white in the video?
ufFEzG::Did you see color of dog is yellow in the video?
k2SMLu::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
igLaAg::Did you see color of wheel is purple in the video?
NBME7L::Did you see shape of wheel is circular in the video?
m2Gmly::Did you see color of bicycle is black and red in the video?
LRNrIC::Did you see number of wheels on bicycle is two in the video?
QxjD1n::Did you see state of person is upside down in the video?
iCtCro::Did you see shape of car is rectangular in the video?
7cdcny::Did you see color of wheel is blue in the video?
s0Dz1o::Did you see shape of wheel is circular in the video?
XimsyQ::Did you see color of water is blue in the video?
jKPKtY::Did you see color of fire is orange in the video?
wzuxYT::Did you see hair color of woman is gold in the video?
p0teTB::Did you see transparency of glass is completely transparent in the video?
CQjAMw::Did you see color of balloon is orange in the video?
4NXrNy::Did you see shape of balloon is round in the video?
UwQei5::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
IekT5G::Did you see material of bridge is concrete in the video?
0MWzI2::Did you see color of watermelon is green outside in the video?
3nhGH5::Did you see color of watermelon is red inside in the video?
dbSZNE::Did you see color of cloud is white in the video?
shfvY9::Did you see shape of cloud is long and wispy in the video?
40v8ju::Did you see color of plate is silver in the video?
ijkLjO::Did you see color of banana is yellow in the video?
lqVpEu::Did you see structure of yellow ladder is hollow in the video?
5GowNl::Did you see shape of ladder is straight in the video?
gaz075::Did you see orientation of banana is vertical in the video?
2SIFAx::Did you see color of banana is yellow in the video?
npylgp::Did you see color of cloud is black in the video?
rZ8QWY::Did you see color of sky is blue in the video?
6ai87C::Did you see color of car is white in the video?
0EwOcq::Did you see shape of car is rectangular in the video?
xpph9u::Did you see material of floor is reflective in the video?
gCwCZZ::Did you see shape of ladder is straight in the video?
tMzHnY::Did you see structure of glass is floor-to-ceiling in the video?
xrYgV9::Did you see transparency of glass is completely transparent in the video?
YsXlYn::Did you see shape of tomato slice is round in the video?
GZqlF7::Did you see color of tomato is red in the video?
5KOPb8::Did you see color of tomato is red in the video?
k4VSvX::Did you see state of tomato is sliced in the video?
I20l8Q::Did you see material of bridge is wood in the video?
YG8lLf::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
