6Og68J::Did you see skin pattern of zebra is polka dots in the video?
njrhV8::Did you see skin pattern of zebra is stripes in the video?
gnwIgE::Did you see color of wheels on bicycle is green in the video?
88new1::Did you see number of wheels on bicycle is two in the video?
M7k4bY::Did you see transparency of glass is opaque in the video?
SJSgfm::Did you see transparency of glass is completely transparent in the video?
OXFyOV::Did you see color of hat is blue in the video?
nqKoAv::Did you see shape of mushroom is umbrella-like in the video?
b2QDa1::Did you see shape of wheels on bicycle is round in the video?
IsqxJs::Did you see number of wheels on bicycle is two in the video?
XPDbs9::Did you see number of containers is two in the video?
eaQtAq::Did you see color of milk is white in the video?
V9kaXm::Did you see color of butter is yellow in the video?
4K2M4O::Did you see state of butter is solid in the video?
igi9SA::Did you see color of car is white in the video?
NdLw38::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
6FMKaf::Did you see color of wheels on bicycle is purple in the video?
J3s0Hd::Did you see number of wheels on bicycle is two in the video?
v2sZnd::Did you see color of apron on person is blue in the video?
X1NY09::Did you see color of banana is yellow in the video?
i379os::Did you see color of towel is red in the video?
MFWdOR::Did you see texture of towel is soft in the video?
dbnifM::Did you see state of baby panda is upside down in the video?
xPIGsj::Did you see color of panda is black and white in the video?
ufFEzG::Did you see color of dog is yellow in the video?
k2SMLu::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
igLaAg::Did you see color of wheel is purple in the video?
NBME7L::Did you see shape of wheel is circular in the video?
m2Gmly::Did you see color of bicycle is black and red in the video?
LRNrIC::Did you see number of wheels on bicycle is two in the video?
QxjD1n::Did you see state of person is upside down in the video?
iCtCro::Did you see shape of car is rectangular in the video?
7cdcny::Did you see color of wheel is blue in the video?
s0Dz1o::Did you see shape of wheel is circular in the video?
XimsyQ::Did you see color of water is blue in the video?
jKPKtY::Did you see color of fire is orange in the video?
wzuxYT::Did you see hair color of woman is gold in the video?
p0teTB::Did you see transparency of glass is completely transparent in the video?
CQjAMw::Did you see color of balloon is orange in the video?
4NXrNy::Did you see shape of balloon is round in the video?
UwQei5::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
IekT5G::Did you see material of bridge is concrete in the video?
0MWzI2::Did you see color of watermelon is green outside in the video?
3nhGH5::Did you see color of watermelon is red inside in the video?
dbSZNE::Did you see color of cloud is white in the video?
shfvY9::Did you see shape of cloud is long and wispy in the video?
40v8ju::Did you see color of plate is silver in the video?
ijkLjO::Did you see color of banana is yellow in the video?
lqVpEu::Did you see structure of yellow ladder is hollow in the video?
5GowNl::Did you see shape of ladder is straight in the video?
gaz075::Did you see orientation of banana is vertical in the video?
2SIFAx::Did you see color of banana is yellow in the video?
npylgp::Did you see color of cloud is black in the video?
rZ8QWY::Did you see color of sky is blue in the video?
6ai87C::Did you see color of car is white in the video?
0EwOcq::Did you see shape of car is rectangular in the video?
xpph9u::Did you see material of floor is reflective in the video?
gCwCZZ::Did you see shape of ladder is straight in the video?
tMzHnY::Did you see structure of glass is floor-to-ceiling in the video?
xrYgV9::Did you see transparency of glass is completely transparent in the video?
YsXlYn::Did you see shape of tomato slice is round in the video?
GZqlF7::Did you see color of tomato is red in the video?
5KOPb8::Did you see color of tomato is red in the video?
k4VSvX::Did you see state of tomato is sliced in the video?
I20l8Q::Did you see material of bridge is wood in the video?
YG8lLf::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
uP8P29::Did you see color of pc is black and red in the video?
GolNTK::Did you see shape of pc is rectangular in the video?
nmck36::Did you see state of liquid is whirring in the video?
ZzvmHn::Did you see color of milk is white in the video?
K8yb4w::Did you see color of butter is yellow in the video?
Hrt2nx::Did you see state of butter is solid in the video?
CVEuBC::Did you see color of cloud is black in the video?
8ExVGr::Did you see color of sky is blue in the video?
tJz7Kl::Did you see color of ladder is red in the video?
2Q7D1v::Did you see shape of ladder is straight in the video?
hKH3ng::Did you see shell of pc is transparent in the video?
h6A4Zo::Did you see shape of pc is rectangular in the video?
ElPbM6::Did you see material of bottle is glass in the video?
QLAc3l::Did you see color of fire is orange in the video?
KmeZrx::Did you see size of panda is smaller than rock in the video?
zY5TN4::Did you see color of panda is black and white in the video?
aoNUI4::Did you see shape of apple is round in the video?
G7wAxW::Did you see color of sky is blue in the video?
0IplTV::Did you see skin color of lion is brown in the video?
QTpWbo::Did you see skin pattern of zebra is stripes in the video?
oguT2d::Did you see color of balloon is yellow in the video?
Q1Nwas::Did you see shape of balloon is round in the video?
tXSu8o::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
0GPMit::Did you see material of bridge is concrete in the video?
t1UZq9::Did you see state of person in chair is upside down sometimes in the video?
oN2fSM::Did you see shape of car is rectangular in the video?
4gLNnl::Did you see state of glass is transparent in the video?
LZAYIs::Did you see color of milk is white in the video?
KDckbx::Did you see material of bridge is wood in the video?
Y8Q82d::Did you see shape of bridge is straight in the video?
KVrHrk::Did you see size of panda is smaller than towel in the video?
NDmcUl::Did you see color of panda is black and white in the video?
MRFyP0::Did you see color of fire is blue in the video?
oZeuH6::Did you see color of fire is orange in the video?
